[PR-22674] Update documentation for integration with Google Tag Manager (#335)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/integration/custom/integration_tag_manager.rst

Best Practices for Speed Optimization
-------------------------------------

> 1. One sure way to optimize the load speed would be to change the :ref:`Talkable Initialization script <integration/custom/integration_components>` placement on the page. If the Talkable script tag is located at the bottom of the page, it would wait for other scripts to load first. Adding the attribute to the script and moving it higher in the body or to the head (even better) will prioritize the load.

Reviewer: Yes, I think it's unrelated to Tag manager and rather talks about custom integration

- Thoroughly test both approaches (GTM and direct integration) to ensure the Talkable referral program functions as expected in all browsers and scenarios.
- If you encounter further issues, check Talkable's support resources or contact support team for assistance.

Verifying success
-----------------

1. Open Talkable admin, open or create Floating widget campaign. Scroll down to the Placements section and click on the eye button. It will open up your site with the Talkable campaign shown in test mode.

> 2. Submit purchase through your site
> 3. Open Talkable admin, go to Reports -> Purchases and find your purchase in the list
> 4. Visit the Standalone page you created for the site, it should be showing up withing 1-3s
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Submit purchase through your site.
3. Open Talkable admin, go to Reports → Purchases and find your purchase in the list.
4. Visit the Standalone page you created for the site, it should be showing up within 1-3 seconds.

```
